style: standardize on "service" for Beamable product capabilities (v5.1) (#62)
beamable/docs: docs/unity/user-reference/beamable-services/identity/username-password.md

![Simple Username Password Flow](../../../../media/imgs/d86e42f-simple_username_password_flow.png){: style="height:auto;width:600px"}

> Using the username and password service is easy. There are just a few APIs you need to know about to be ready to go. Read more here to learn how to use `AddEmail` and `RecoverAccountWithEmail` methods of the `PlayerAccounts` SDK.

Author: ```suggestion
Using username and password for logins is easy. There are just a few APIs you need to know about to be ready to go. Read more here to learn how to use `AddEmail` and `RecoverAccountWithEmail` methods of the `PlayerAccounts` SDK.
```
